[Music]
hi i'm miriam nice from bbc good food
and welcome to cocktail hour
this time i'm going to be showing you
how to make an amaretto sour
and the non-alcoholic alternative these
recipes can be found on the bbc good
food website
an amaretto sour has a really wonderful
balance of sharpness
and sweetness that are complemented by
the rich almond flavor from the amaretto
both the recipes are going to use egg
white but i'm going to show you two
methods to getting that aeration in that
lovely foam
one using a blender and one using a
cocktail shaker
but both those methods can be
interchanged between the two recipes
let's get started
[Music]
um
and there you go an amaretto sour and
the non-alcoholic alternative
you can find these recipes on
bbcginfood.com plus
loads of other delicious recipes and
ideas cheers
you